you
the program Smith has grown beyond your
control
you cannot stop him but I can and if you
fail I won't do you know what happened
to neo he is trapped in a place between
this world and the machine
bring me the eyes of the article then I
would give you back your savior
mr. Anderson who are you the past the
flesh and see your enemy it's impossible
not impossible inevitable in less than
12 hours the machines will breach the
dock wall
if we have to give our lives we give
them hell before we do concil be saved
tonight the future of both worlds will
be in your hands or what in here mr.
Anderson welcome by green mist it ends
tonight
you've never believed in the one I still
don't I believe in him
- daddy preached here they come
yo is doing what he believes he must do
if you tell me we'll make it I'll
believe you
we'll make it we have to I don't know
what he can do to say but I do know that
as long as there is a single breath in
his body he will not give her and
neither can we
everything that has a beginning as an
end